h2. EVE Corplogo Generator (CLG)

This is a Rails plugin/generic library for Ruby to generate the corporation logos used in the MMORPG EVE Online.

h3. Example

Before usage, you need to include the library

  require 'eve_corplogo_generator'

Then you can use the generator.

  Eve::CorporateLogo::Logo.new([437,456,478], [674,677,677], 'output.png') # => Writes the corporation logo for Vanguard Frontiers to output.png
  Eve::CorporateLogo::Logo.new([437,456,478], [674,677,677]) # => Creates the image
  Eve::CorporateLogo::Logo.new([437,456,478], [674,677,677]).image.to_blob # => The image data
  Eve::CorporateLogo::Logo.new([437,456,478], [674,677,677], 'output.png', 'black') # => Writes the logo to output.png with a black background
  
The two arrays in the examples above are the shapes and colors of the logo respectively.

h3. Installing

Install to a Rails application using the following command (Rails 2.0.2 and greater)

  ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/JamesHarrison/eve_corplogo_generator.git
  
If you are using an older Rails version, use

  git clone git://github.com/JamesHarrison/eve_corplogo_generator.git vendor/plugins/eve_corplogo_generator

h3. Documentation

Once installed, you can generate documentation using rdoc (cd vendor/plugins/eve_corplogo_generator;rake rdoc).

CLG Source Copyright (c) 2008 James Harrison, released under the MIT license.
Corporation Logo Images rendered by Entity.
EVE Online, EVE and all associated logos and designs are the intellectual property of CCP hf.